What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Git creates repository in the directory that I with files that I want to track. I need to do this to start do changes and commit files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The working directory is a actual directory where the files are stored. The repository was initiated by git init and it follow changes of the files that we want to follow. 
The staging area is the way to put many files in one commit if we want somehow to keep their changes together. Their changes are probably connected by one logical concept.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I can add one file to staging area and commit it with proper comment.
Than can add another file and do the same thing again. 
By using git diff and git diff --staged I can control what was saved and what didn't.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches give a possibility to investigate another way of solve problems that are done in 'master' version of our project. Or we can try to add some new feature but we are not sure wheter it will improve existing program or not. Using new branch or branches gives the possibility to do this without danger that the 'master' code will be 'broken'.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They show quite easily the relations between the commits that were made and the different path that I choose to develope the code.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

When we merge two branches together as a result it creates one branch again with modifications coming from both of them. In log we can see changes added in both branches but without knowledge in what branch it was. That is why do not see the two branches any more but one with more number of commits.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

It is faster but sometimes You can lose control on what is happening with You project. On the other hand Git's merging was pretty nice implemented and after some time with git it can really speed up Your work and make You feel comfortable with making changes.